Hello and welcome to Section 5 now on recurrent neural networks and how to build them with denser flow
2.0.
So we're gonna use again one of these benchmark data sets which allow to compare the performance of
several models and this dataset is going to be a classic application of what you can do with an island
which is text classification.
Indeed since a record a new network is used for data sets having sequences of data well since a text
is actually a sequence of words we can very well use an iron n for text classification.
And indeed you will see in the end that the results are really good.
And so this text classification is going to be about predicting if a review of a movie taken from the
Internet Movie Database is positive or negative.
More precisely here is the dataset.
This is the I am to be movie reviews dataset and more precisely we'll have to predict if the rating
of a movie on a scale from 1 to 10 is above 5 or below 5.
So it will be a binary classification because it's like we're predicting if a review is positive if
it is over five or negative if it is below five.
So that's the story.
That's what we have to predict and the inputs will simply be reviews which are therefore sequences of
words and which we will be able to feed in a record and new network.
So check this out for more details if you want.
It's basically a data set that contains 50000 reviews split evenly into 25000 reviews in the training
set and 25000 reviews in a test.
And so we will first train that record a new network to predict if each of these 25000 reviews is positive
or negative and then we'll evaluate it on the set and we'll compute the accuracy on these 25000 reviews
of the test set.
So let's do this let's build our record Renewal Network with denser flow 2.0 starting with the first
step where we install the dependencies and set up GPO environment.
That's because we install tens of loads of you.
So that's still the same Pip command but actually you don't have to install it because it is now already
included in the Jupiter notebooks of Google collab.
Then step two is to import the libraries and for this we actually only need tensor flow.
And once again the carries datasets.
Right.
Same as the artificial new one network in the convolution or new network.
We're taking this I am deeply movie reviews data set from the datasets module by Caris library taken
from tensor flow and once again.
Well yes just to check the version we are in tend to flow 2.0 Pono.
So let's now move on to the real beginning of this application which is always the same phase data processing.
All right.
So for tax classification we have of course a different kind of data pricing to perform.
Indeed with our artificial new networking convolution all new network.
We worked with images.
Now we're working with text.
So it's actually another technique to pre process the reviews and the main thing we'll have to do is
to pad all the sequences to be the same length because you know when we load the reviews of the MTV
data set.
Well of course the reviews don't have the same length.
You know you can have a reviews with only three or forwards and large reviews with 20 words or 30 words.
And whenever you're feeding a record a new network with text well all the input text must have the same
length.
So the main thing that we have to do is this padding which consists of adding some extra sales in the
future tense of inputs containing all the texts so that all the input reviews have the same length and
you have here in the parameters which is our first step step here we choose the number of words we want
to import from the aim to be movie reviews data set and this max length which is exactly the total length
of the sequence after the padding.
So the maximum length will be 100 which means that for example if you have a review with only five words
Well the review will still be represented in a sequence of 100 elements where the first five elements
are the five words of the review and then the other ninety five elements are just the same sales with
usually a bad token just to specify that the rest of the sequence you know from five to 100 was applied
the padding.
OK.
So basically all our reviews will be sequences of 100 elements and we will specify this later on when
padding the sequences to be the same length.
But first we of course have to load the IMF data set and you will recognize the format and that's of
course because we use the same low data method from I MTBE which is taken from the same carries data
sets.
So once again very easy to load the data set here but in the low data we have to specify the maximum
number of words we want to have.
Among our reviews and that is twenty thousand which means that we're not taking all the reviews from
the I am to be data set.
We're actually taking all the reviews that have the 20000 most frequent words right.
So that will ease a bit.
The training process.
All right so once again using this low data method gets us the training set separately an extra in the
input reviews and why train their labels saying whether or not the reviews are positive or negative.
And same for the test set composed of X test containing all the input reviews and Y tests containing
the labels positive or negative of these reviews.
Okay so we loaded the data set and now here we go.
Time to pad all the sequences to be the same length and so as we said we were going to make sure that
our reviews after being battered will have 100 elements and the rest of the elements of the review doesn't
have 100 elements will just be bad tokens just to finish the sequence up to 100.
And so how do we pad.
Well we have once again a very easy to use function taken from the sequence sub module by the pre processing
module by the caris library through tensor flow and this batch sequences function takes all your reviews
in extreme therefore with different lengths and of course the maximum length you want your reviews to
have after the padding.
OK.
So very easy thanks to carers of course and then same for the test set.
Well we pad all the sequences so that all the reviews index tests are sequences of 100 elements.
All right.
And that's actually it.
That's all you need to do when working with of course a carer's data set in the MLP branch of artificial
intelligence.
So now we're going to move on to the next step.
Step for building a renewal network.
Make sure to see the theory first because you have to understand how Ireland's work and learn and what
LSD and tsar and otherwise.
If you already know everything about this well feel free to jump to the next story or where we'll start
building or recommend new network with tensor flow 2.0.